storage: add storage network settings (#194)
harvester/docs: docs/settings/settings.md

  "period": 300
}
```

## `storage-network`

> This setting allows you to assign network for Longhorn `storage-network` setting.

Reviewer: I think this would be a better sentence if you feel that it makes sense.
```suggestion
This setting allows you to configure the Longhorn `storage-network` setting by assigning a network.
```

  "period": 300
}
```

> ## `storage-network`

Author: fixed

This setting allows you to configure the Longhorn `storage-network` setting by assigning a network.

For detail, please refer [Harvester Storage Network](../storagenetwork/)

:::caution

Any change to storage-network requires shutting down all VMs before applying this setting.
IP Range should be IPv4 CIDR format and 4 times the number of your cluster nodes.

:::

Default: ""

#### Example

```
{
  "vlan": 100,

>   "clusterNetwork": "mgmt",

Author: fix
